Meeting Title: Lead conversion tracking and opportunity analysis for Hertz rental process
Date: Feb 19

Transcript:
 
Them: Yo. I can hear you. How are you? Oh, wow. Nice. How was it? Do you like doing that? Right now, it's still pumping. Yeah. It's just a process. You just got to keep at it. Yeah. I said to someone yesterday, when I'm growing a beard, it's usually not stylistic. It's just that I haven't had time to shave. I'll shave on the weekend. Probably. Someone called it a mountain bed. Yeah, I'll shave for you. What's the window doing this weekend at sf? Actually, Because it's been very rainy here. Okay this weekend? Not much rain. That's good. I've got a Hertz booked for Sunday. I just got a mid range. I get in for $30 a day. Yeah, I got Hertz friends and family discount from Vikram. It's, like, almost 50% off. You'll have to see if he can flick your code. Actually, like, when the time's right, I think he gets, like, 10 codes, and he's used two of them. So when the time's right, you could probably try to swindle one. Hey. Sorry. I'm going. I'm doing okay. I'm a little sick today, so I'm going to be off camera since I look awful, but otherwise we're chugging along. I just woke up with golf ball lymph nodes. And all that good stuff. So yeah. Just a quick comment, just in terms of where my brain's at on this, Dan. One of the things I realized, we jumped right in. We went straight after. First off, you didn't have a laptop, so it's probably pretty tough for you to look at some of the stuff. But we went straight in after major causes of. Missing conversion, chatting with folks, et cetera. I think one of the things we should have done and we should do now is understand what do we think drives some of the week over week or month over month views of how we're actually mapping to this number. So we built a walk that said, okay, we expect nine points. But a. And then we put the wiggle and the wiggle in there in terms of how much that is versus baseline. But I don't actually know myself where to go. Look to say how are we doing on conversion from a week over week, month over month versus prior year perspective, to say if we were to drive something of substantial improvement, When and where would we actually expect to see it? Does that make sense? Because based on our conversation over the last two days, The way in which you measure it varies by team. And also it's kind of a lagging indicator. Because it takes weeks to months to actually settle out into. Here's what we accomplished from that group. So that's kind of where my head's at on just like, we probably need some fidelity on that piece because that's going to also help us determine where our efforts are having success. And then we can pivot accordingly or accelerate accordingly. Yeah. Okay? Okay. Mmr would be click through rate. Click through rate. Meaning they opened it or meaning they finished it? Got it. For mmr. Couldn't you also just tie it directly to rental? To open rental. I think that's true. But if we looked at the average. Date between mmr completed to mmr completed to pick update. My assumption would be it's like, three days. Or I might be off, but I don't think the average would be like two weeks. So are we able. Are we able to get, like, an 80% signal? Within a week. Just given that, yes, there are long tails on this, but there's enough concentrated activity happening within the week. Where we have a leading indicator that says, Yeah, yeah, we're. We're seeing progress on this channel as a result of these changes or. Oh, no, we did something that dipped it. Right. We're actually doing worse than we were prior. Does that make sense? I. I don't know. I think it would depend on whether or not we actually see enough volume happen within a week. But if that's the case, I think that would be helpful. If not, I agree with you. There's just too much stuff out there that's going to take weeks to convert. Yeah. Yeah. So, I mean, I. I kind of think of it as like a booking curve. As what are the activities that are one to two week viewable? What are the activities that are two to four week viewable? And then ultimately your end conversion metric sits at eight weeks. We're not going to be able to touch that, but ideally. You know, essentially, your ability to predict where you land at eight weeks get stronger and stronger as your one to four week indicators look better and better. So even though we don't, we can't say, you know, oh, this is going to sit here. Yet we're saying, like, hey, every single leading metric is looking positive. That then connects to the final because basically conversions a lagging metric the way we record it today. So the leading metrics are looking positive. You know, keep going, keep pushing. We're pushing on the right areas and the right items. Because I get afraid of waiting for an eight week data point to say what happened. Because then you're only looking backwards two months and said okay. You know, here we are in February, looking for weight in order to learn about December. And this project moves so much faster than eight weeks. That we could be accomplishing a ton and seeing nothing move. And then folks would be like, hey, what the hell? Or we could be accomplishing nothing, right? And also seeing nothing move and then say, oh, we need more time. But we don't. We don't know that. Unless eight weeks is just too tough. Yeah, I think that makes. That makes sense because that gives us a cleaner view of. What's coming. Unused means not turned into a rental. And not canceled yet, okay? Okay, so that's like, at, like, basically, that counts. Your active opportunity. Okay? So net conversions active opportunity. And if we perform better on active opportunity, that's a leading indicator to performing better on is the other one you call gross conversion. Okay. And gross conversion. You're saying we'll look bad until suddenly it looks better over time. And that's why we're seeing that by this slide, you screenshotted me in, like, the low to mid-60s. Who closes them. Got it. So it sounds like then there's. Three. There's. There's three buckets of opportunity. One is, like, folks, you actually. A lead was created, you got them, you got in touch with them in some way, shape or form. And then you actually converted them. The second is the lead exists. You got them? You talk to them? They never showed up. So that's, like, almost had them. I missed them for one reason or another, right? And then the third category is, I can't even get a hold of this person. And I don't know if this is a false lead, I don't know if this is missing bad, bad data, etc. Do we have any initiatives that sit in that third. Category. To figure out how much potential goodness might sit from a revenue perspective in that category. From the ones that we tried to contract. But we can never get in contact with. Those if they're closed by the edi. I don't think I had a chance. Right? Like, for one reason or another, they're saying, oh, actually, that's not a lead. If we're closing the lead. And because we couldn't get a hold of them. It raises the question, is that because we have the wrong phone number? Is that? Because they think it's a spam call and therefore we can't get through. Is that because they actually have, you know, their husband or wife's car, and therefore they don't need one. So they're just like, no. But I'm wondering, like, if we were to be able to look at that and instead of canceling it, turn it into, you know, they already have another car. That would be so much cleaner than just wiping it off the slate. Okay? Does that work? Got it. And then are we under the assumption that all of these customers are getting that MMR message? Okay? So there might be a customer research component as to, like. Of these folks that end up getting canceled or uncontacted. I mean, if we're able to just get a hold of some group of them. And we were to say, hey, did you know that Hertz reached out to you to try to get you into an insurance car? They might be like, no. Like, you know, I've been waiting for that, but nobody reached out. That's a different, you know, size of opportunity where we're just fundamentally failing. Right. But that's different than. Oh, you know. Yeah. You guys called six times. I'm sick of it. I'm tired of it. I don't need a car. I don't know why you think I need a car. That's not actually an opportunity. Right. But I. I don't know how much sits in that canceled bucket. And where I get nervous is that we is that we would consider that not in the conversion metric. You see what I'm saying? Like that we would be just discounting that. But there might be business hiding in there. And we just haven't understood whether or not it's actually business. And if we just canceled it and said, oh, it's a canceled one, then it wouldn't be considered a potential lead. We might be actually recording ourselves as 80% conversion, but you know Jessica, who's been waiting for our call. We failed to contact her for one reason or another, where we were calling her office phone instead of her mobile phone. And as a result, we're going to mark her off as not as a part of. Not an eligible opportunity, even though she actually wanted a car. Yeah. Yeah. Do you have the data of that view for just one branch? And what. What is that? What is that percentage look like? Yeah. So if we said of the unused, why didn't they convert? And you were to go line by line by line by line by line for all the ones that didn't convert, do we know what those general categories are? Is it just uncontacted, tried? Is it like 15% were saying, you know. Don't need a car don't need a goodbye. The phone number was eight digits, not nine. Or, sorry, ten digits. Not. Not like nine digits, not ten. Like what? What? How much. If this is a data quality problem, how much of this is a, you know, customer didn't want the car problem? How much of this is just. I couldn't get through to them. Because the I putting that through to them is the one where I'm losing sleep over it, because we don't know. We don't know why a lead came to us that we can't reach. Yeah. Fair enough. Okay? Yeah, I'm wondering. So take a snapshot of what you just said. And then if you were to follow up on those exact same leads a week later, How many of the I'm waiting turned into a failure versus a success? Like I'm waiting, a sign that you're going to lose the lead, or as I'm waiting, just a matter of logistics in this industry. Yeah. Okay? Y. Eah. Yeah. So I don't want to throw a thing totally out out of the left field here, but. Heath. I had a chat with Nick. On Monday. Sorry. Tuesday, early morning. He basically, like he built his own linear. Oh, yeah, that was for Roger. I don't know. He got pissed off at linear. He didn't like linear, so he was like, I'm going to go build my own linear. And I was like, It looked really good. Like, it looked like, you know, professional grade software or whatever. I'm just curious to, like, is there. Currently running this whole lead sharing process in Excel. Is there some like much more synchronous easy tool that should exist for all these branch managers to follow up on? Tag leads. Hey, these are the ones I can't get contact info for. Maybe that goes to a centralized team to go hunt. Or go, you know, reach out to the adjusters or something and say, hey. You know, Brand Branch, we're going to take that off of your hands if you. If the lead's not functional, send that to Central. Central will go figure out with the adjusters, you know. Hey, these are my 10 leads that you sent me that I don't have contact info on. Okay? Now that's back in your system as a chase bucket. Is something like that worth thinking about? Or are we so constrained with this hle s system like can. We can we remove the hunting from HLS and just make it that when you finally get the details, you have to input it back into hls. Just, just food, food for thought. Just on that, on that front on like, what can we of that whole process remove from the branches responsibility by just giving them a way cleaner tool than, you know, comparing and putting comments into Excel. Because then we'd have a unified view. As a company of. Where are we slipping? Where are we not slipping? Etcetera. Just. I don't know. I don't know if that's just, like, a crazy, crazy thought or. Or not. Yeah, I. I love that. I. I get afraid of trying to integrate ourselves too much into the long term strategy of our build buy decision, which is going to be about a year away. Like, we're going to do a bunch of strategy stuff now, and this should connect into that, but the missing piece will be like, we want to solve this now, so. And I also think that where this convo might go within a year is, like, the capability to build software just got so much better. That doesn't really make sense to buy anything. For these types of bespoke insurance, replacement rental management tooling. Why would you go buy this from a company when you can just go build it yourself? Yeah, like a niche enough thing where we should just go build it. So one idea is, do we. Do we show, not tell. What some type of custom built solution would look like as like a V1 and then use that as a way to get the organization on board for here's if we continue to build upon this, look at what this could be. I know we all probably have to drop to something else, but it makes sense. I'LL jam with Dan to make sure it's like. Like a validated initiative before we go nuts. But, yeah, I think it's a good idea. Thanks, vikram. Thank you. Thanks, dan. 